Similar but different to the original Lazni Card Game.
There are 4 types of cards; Player, Soldier, Special and Object cards
There are 16 Player cards
64 Soldier cards (2 per lazni)
16 Special cards
14 Object cards
For a total of 110 cards
A Player card is your "main character", they have more powerful effects than soldiers and have a lot of HP, if this card dies, you loose.
A Soldier card is a basic card, they are weak compared to player cards, having less HP and attack.
A Special card is essentially a Soldier card on crack, they generally represent multiple laznis
Objects cards generally are boosts/effects.

A Player card has a set number of HP (generally 3500), an attack power (generally 250) and two abilities not found in Soldier cards.

A Soldier card has a set number of HP (generally 100-200), an attack power (around 75) and one ability, they are useable until death.

A Special card has a set number of HP (Depends on the amount of Laznis on the card), an attack power and one/two abilities, they are useable until death.

A Object card has an effect or attack power, they are useable only once.

A Card with powerful abilities will have less HP/Attack Power
A Card can be centered around HP, Defense, Attack or Special, this changes their stats to better fix and nerf the card so that it's not too powerful
Used cards go back in the fishing deck.
You start with a chosen Player card and 3 secondary cards (Those are fished randomly)
You can't hit your enemy's Player card unless they have less than 1 soldier/special card left
You only can fish for new cards once all of your secondary cards have died.
If your Player card dies, you can continue until you run out of Soldier cards (Objects not included)

All of your cards attack in the same turn, except Objects, you can choose when to use it.
If you have a full deck, you can kill a card you don't like to fish faster.
Player cards attack eachothers, Secondary cards choose what to attack.
You can only fish the turn after getting all of your cards eliminated.

Active Effect: Counts as a turn for the card.
Passive Effect: The effect is always active and doesn't count as a turn.

MORE NOTES:

For cards that mention "On field/battlefield", it usually means every cards active in game
